There's a new method of a super easy
slime ball farm because of the golden
dandelion. Normally, you have to make a
farm in an underground slime chunk, a
swamp that won't work if it's a new
moon, or something involving the new
potion of oozing. But with the golden
dandelion, it's much simpler. Because of
pandas, every baby panda has a 1 in300
chance of sneezing every second, and
every sneeze has a 1 in700 chance of
dropping a slime ball. And since with a
golden dandelion you can keep it a baby
forever, if you put a hopper beneath it,
it'll produce a slime ball on average
once every 58 hours and 20 minutes. Now
this goes down to 5 hours with a weak
panda cuz they sneeze more. And if you
breed a bunch of these, they can be
decent.